Translation corrections (#154)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/some_tips_086.txt

//rそして、そのすぐ斜め前の窓際にある南井次長席の机にふと顔を向けて、…文字通り『ぎょっ？』と目を見開く。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "そして、そのすぐ斜め前の窓際にある南井次長席の机にふと顔を向けて、…文字通り『ぎょっ？』と目を見開く。",

> 			NULL, "Then he sturned to face Vice Director Minai's desk, positioned diagonally from his desk by the window... only to widen his eyes in surprise.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Then he turned to face Assistant Director Minai's desk, positioned diagonally from his desk by the window... only to widen his eyes in surprise.", Line_Normal);
```
